# 1.1 TaskList - Planning - Briefing

`1_1.task-list_planning_briefing.md`

**TaskList** is a simple web app client only for personal use that helps to manage my tasks. It stores data in the browser local storage and uses a minimalistic responsive interface.

## Features :

Numbered and ordered list of features

### Must have features: 

1. `Add_task`
    - User can add a task with title and optional due date.
2. `View_all_tasks`
    - User can view all tasks with title, due date and status.
3. `Edit_or_remove_task`
    - User can edit the title or remove a task.
4. `Mark_task_as_done`
    - User can mark a task as done from the list view.

### Nice to have features:

5. `View_completed_pending_tasks`
    - User can view switch between completed and pending tasks.
6. `Tasks_with_category_priority_due_date`
    - User can add tasks with a category tag or priority flag and due date.
7. `View_tasks_by_category_priority_due_date`
    - User can filter tasks by category, priority or due date.
8. `Export_import_in_JSON`
    - User can export/import tasks in JSON format.
9. `Ask_password_to_encrypt`
    - User can give a password to encrypt tasks.

### Won’t-Have Features:

- Share tasks with other users
- Collaborate on tasks with other users

## Specifications

### Must have

1. `Web_Client_Only`
    - Responsive design.
    - Clean and minimalistic design.
2. `Local_Storage`
    - All data is stored locally in the browser for convenience and privacy.

### Nice to have

1. `Encrypted_Storage`
    - when implemented  will ask user for a password to encrypt tasks.
    - that password will be used later to decrypt tasks.
2. `Dark_Mode`
    - User can switch between dark and light mode.










