# 1.1 TaskList - Planning - Briefing

`1_1.task-list_planning_briefing.md`

**TaskList** is a simple web app client only for personal use that helps to manage my tasks. It stores data in the browser local storage and uses a minimalistic responsive interface.

## Features :

Number ordered list is the order of the features in the code.

### Must have features: 

1. `Add_task`
    - User can add a task with title and optional due date.
2. `View_all_tasks`
    - User can view all tasks with title, due date and status.
3. `Edit_or_remove_task`
    - User can edit the title or due date or remove a task.
4. `Mark_task_as_done`
    - User can mark a task as done from the list view.

### Nice to have features:

5. `View_completed_pending_tasks`
    - User can view switch between completed and pending tasks.
6. `Tasks_with_category_priority`
    - User can add tasks with a category tag or priority flag.
7. `View_tasks_by_category_priority`
    - User can filter tasks by category, priority.
8. `Export_import_in_JSON`
    - User can export/import tasks in JSON format.
9. `Ask_password_to_encrypt`
    - User can give a password to encrypt tasks.

### Won’t-Have Features:

- Share tasks with other users
- Collaborate on tasks with other users

## Specifications

### User Interface  

1. `Web-Based`
    - Accessible via web browsers 
    - Optimized for desktop and mobile devices.
    - Responsive design.
    - Clean and minimalistic design.
2. `Dashboard`
    - Provides a summary view with:
        - Table view with:
            - Title
            - Due date
            - Status
    - Accumulated of pending/completed tasks.
3. `Modals`
    - Pop-up modals for adding or editing tasks.
    - Update and refresh the table view when adding or editing a task.

### Infrastructure

4. `Local Storage`
    - All data is stored locally in the browser for user privacy.
5. `Encrypted Storage`
    - when implemented  will ask user for a password to encrypt tasks.
    - that password will be used later to decrypt tasks.










